# This repo is deprecated. We are currently working on the new version of this application.

## Union Platform

> An application to improve the communication between labor unions and its members.

Union Platform is an application to improve the communication between labor
unions and its members. It allows users to share news and documents, enroll
through the app and upload complaints and georeferenced alerts using a drupal
powered [backend][1]. It was developed with the support of [FES Argentina][0].

### Build

The app has been tested on android.

Define your google maps api key in `android/app/src/main/res/values/secrets.xml`
or `android/app/src/VARIANT/res/values/secrets.xml`.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<resources>
    <string name="google_maps_api_key">YOUR_API_KEY</string>
</resources>
```

This is needed to display and create georeferenced alerts.

If you want to send push notifications to app users you need to create a firebase
project and add your `google-services.json` file in `android/app/src/VARIANT`.

You also need to set `app_host` to your backend domain in
`android/app/src/VARIANT/res/values/strings.xml` (this is needed to open one
time login links generated by the backend).

Finally set `API_URL` (your backend url) and `FORUM_URL` (your forum url) in
`.env` (or `.env.VARIANT`).

You can then run the project with

```
$ yarn react-native run-android
```
or
```
$ ENVFILE=.env.staging yarn react-native run-android --variant=releaseStg
```

### Branding

If you want to build the app with different branding you should make some changes
(this list may be incomplete, feel free to add to it).

* Set your `app_name` in `android/app/src/VARIANT/res/values/strings.xml`.
* Set `displayName` in `app.json`. If you change the `name` you should also
* Add your tems and condition in `android/app/src/main/assets/terms-and-conditions.html`.
* Replace the logo in `android/app/src/main/assets/logo.png` with your own (this
  is used when exporting complaints in pdf format).
* Replace `src/assets/images/header.jpg` (this is used as the header for drawer navigation).
* Replace `android/app/src/main/res/drawable-xhdpi/launch_screen.png` (this is used as the splash screen while loading the app).

### License

A _Trade Union Collaboration License_ was specially developed for this app with
the support of the Observatorio de Derecho Informático de la Argentina - ODIA
to ensure the freedom and correct use of this software, being free to share,
copy, distribute, execute and publicly communicate the work, under the following
conditions:

* **Attribution** - You must acknowledge the credit to the work in the manner
specified by the licensors (but not in a way that suggests that it has their
support or that they support your use of the work).
* **Share under the same license** - If you alter or transform this work, or
generate a derivative work, you can only distribute it under a license identical
to this one.
* **Trade Union** - Those who want to use this tool must be unions, with or without
trade union status, as well as organizations dedicated to the collective defense
of labor rights, who carry out their tasks within a framework of strict
compliance with the rights provided by ILO convention No. 111, the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights.

[0]: https://www.fes-argentina.org
[1]: https://gitlab.com/gcoop-libre/unionplatform_backend
